README.md, before:

# gabrielfortuny.com

This is the repository for my personal website, [gabrielfortuny.com](https://gabrielfortuny.com/). The website is built using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), a static site generator, and is hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

**This project is currently a work in progress.**

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/)

### Build and Run

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone git@github.com:gabrielfortuny/gabrielfortuny.github.io.git
   cd gabrielfortuny.github.io
   ```

2. Install Jekyll and Bundler:

   ```sh
   gem install jekyll bundler
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   bundle install
   ```

4. Build the site and make it available on a local server (with automatic reloads when changes are made):

   ```sh
   bundle exec jekyll serve --livereload
   ```

5. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:4000.

## Attribution

- Font is [Inter](https://rsms.me/inter/) designed by [Rasmus Andersson](https://rsms.me/) and licensed under the [SIL Open Font License](https://openfontlicense.org/open-font-license-official-text/).
- Icons from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) are licensed under the [CC BY 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). All brand icons are trademarks of their respective owners.
- Icons from [Iconoir](https://iconoir.com/) are licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/iconoir-icons/iconoir/blob/main/LICENSE).

## License

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

build and install scripts with documentation

README.md, after:

# gabrielfortuny.com

This is the repository for my personal website, [gabrielfortuny.com](https://gabrielfortuny.com/). The website is built using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), a static site generator, and is hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- See Jekyll's installation [documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/)

### Build and Run

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone git@github.com:gabrielfortuny/gabrielfortuny.com.git
   cd gabrielfortuny.com
   ```

2. Run the installation script:

   ```sh
   ./bin/install
   ```

3. Build the site and make it available on a local server (with automatic reloads when changes are made):

   ```sh
   ./bin/build
   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:4000.

## Attribution

- Font is [Inter](https://rsms.me/inter/) designed by [Rasmus Andersson](https://rsms.me/) and licensed under the [SIL Open Font License](https://openfontlicense.org/open-font-license-official-text/).
- Icons from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) are licensed under the [CC BY 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). All brand icons are trademarks of their respective owners.
- Icons from [Iconoir](https://iconoir.com/) are licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/iconoir-icons/iconoir/blob/main/LICENSE).

## License

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more information.
